# cloakaml

> "cloak and dagger" games

For details first [build](#building) the project, then open [./doc/index.html](./doc/index.html) locally.

## current state

[Running](#running) the project will just output a random starting configuration for game (currently [Blood on the Clocktower](https://wiki.bloodontheclocktower.com/Main_Page)), using the [standard distribution](https://i.redd.it/cunojgi5omnd1.jpeg) (5-15 players). Current focus is on implementing the remaining abilities, and exploring what will be necessary to run it "live" (i.e., after setting up, running the phases and rounds of the game, modelling the state of the game as it plays).

### OCaml & Erlang

There is a very rough initial sketch (in `lib/game/server`) of how I could connect to Erlang from the OCaml side of things. My idea at the moment is that the OCaml side will *build* the games and handle the implementation of their mechanics, and the games themselves will *run* on an Erlang server.

## inspiration

- town of salem
- mafia (party game)
- blood on the clocktower (case study implementation)
- coup

### future (inspirational) work

- papers please
- amongus
- spaceteam
- potion maker

## building

### prerequisites

- clone repo
- opam *or* nix (if using nix, enter directory and run `nix-shell`)

### *optional: create opam switch*

```bash
opam switch create cloakaml ocaml
```

then update shell with `eval $(opam env)`

### step 1. install deps

enter cloned repo directory. run:

```bash
opam install . --deps-only -y
```

### step 2. build project

```bash
dune build @doc
```

## running

first build. then run:

```bash
dune exec -- _build/default/bin/main.exe
```

## todo

- role abilities
  - implementations: modify round (state), hooks, events
  - refactoring and splitting modules

- player AI
  - partially generated by seed at start of game: relationship with other players, e.g., who will they likely trust more or be more suspicious of, how likely will they distrust or accuse others, how good they are at lying, or being under pressure, etc.

- Improve auto-redirect to docs in `./doc/index.html` so that if `../_build/default/_doc/_html/index.html` don't exist it stays and instructs to run `dune build @doc`. Currently it uses `meta` tag in `head` to auto-redirect regardless of the destination file existing.
